notes.md, before:

# rough notes[TO BE DELETED LATER]

- Strategy pattern can be seen as another name for dependency injection.

- We have an input configuration as follows:
 ** We have a distribution of a number of variables.
 ** We sample these distributions.
 ** And some computation is done on them.
 ** In our example, we will flip the coin randomly and then print the results in some way.
 
 Each simulation represents a world which we want to run. So, if there is a for loop which runs 10 times then, there are 10 worlds which we simulation. In each of which, the coin flip produces random results.
 
 - The logic for writing the output of the coin flipper is where we intend to use startegy pattern. 
 
- Strategy Pattern: "It defines a family of algorithm and allows you to , at runtime, vary between them." --> In our case, the family of algorithms is the writer family which we switch in between depending on how we want to log the simulation. So, console write is one variation of this algorithm.
 
- Current time stamp: 20:10

Commit message:

Feature: Modified CsvWriter with more enhanced functionality. Also, added notes.

notes.md, after:

# rough notes[TO BE DELETED LATER]

- Strategy pattern can be seen as another name for dependency injection.

- We have an input configuration as follows:
 ** We have a distribution of a number of variables.
 ** We sample these distributions.
 ** And some computation is done on them.
 ** In our example, we will flip the coin randomly and then print the results in some way.
 
 Each simulation represents a world which we want to run. So, if there is a for loop which runs 10 times then, there are 10 worlds which we simulation. In each of which, the coin flip produces random results.
 
 - The logic for writing the output of the coin flipper is where we intend to use startegy pattern. 
 
- Strategy Pattern: "It defines a family of algorithm and allows you to , at runtime, vary between them." --> In our case, the family of algorithms is the writer family which we switch in between depending on how we want to log the simulation. So, console write is one variation of this algorithm.

- Advantage of design pattern: Design pattern open up new avenues of abstraction or to put in more elegantly, how it can make your code base afford particular types of change requests very cheaply. 
 
- Current time stamp: 20:10
