README.md, before:

# strategy-pattern

## Table of content
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Out Of Scope](#out-of-scope)
- [Explanation Strategy Pattern](#explanation-strategy-pattern)
- [Explanation Other Important Points](#explanation-other-important-points)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Prerequisities](#prerequisities)
- [Commands](#commands)
- [Contribution](#contribution)
- [References](#references)
- [Contact Information](#contact-information)

## Introduction

- TODO: Describe this part.


## Out Of Scope

- TODO: Describe this part.

## Explanation Strategy Pattern

**Reasons for using factory method pattern:**

The **scenario used in this project** is as follows:

- TODO: Describe scenario!

**Solution:**

- TODO: describe solution with the help of code.

## Explanation Other Important Points

- TODO: Describe this part.

## Technologies Used

- TODO: Describe this part.

## Prerequisities

- TODO: Describe this part.

## Commands

- TODO: Describe this part.

## Contribution

- TODO: Describe this part.

## References

- [1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9ejT8FO-7I): Strategy Pattern – Design Patterns (ep 1) **(Youtube)** **[Primary Video resource for this project]**
- [2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slfeCvztnT4): Strategy Pattern (in real life) Screencast – OO Design Patterns Screencasts (ep 2)
 **(Youtube)**
- [3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13nftsQUUE0): Strategy Pattern Screencast – OO Design Patterns Screencasts (ep 1) **(Youtube)**

## Contact Information

How to reach me? At [github specific gmail account](mailto:syedumerahmedcode@gmail.com?subject=%5BGitHub%5D%20Hello%20from%20Github). Additionally, you can reach me via [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/syed-umer-ahmed-a346a746/) or at [Xing](https://www.xing.com/profile/SyedUmer_Ahmed/cv)

Commit message:

Feature: Fixed contribution section in the readme file.

README.md, after:

# strategy-pattern

## Table of content
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Out Of Scope](#out-of-scope)
- [Explanation Strategy Pattern](#explanation-strategy-pattern)
- [Explanation Other Important Points](#explanation-other-important-points)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Prerequisities](#prerequisities)
- [Commands](#commands)
- [Contribution](#contribution)
- [References](#references)
- [Contact Information](#contact-information)

## Introduction

- TODO: Describe this part.


## Out Of Scope

- TODO: Describe this part.

## Explanation Strategy Pattern

**Reasons for using factory method pattern:**

The **scenario used in this project** is as follows:

- TODO: Describe scenario!

**Solution:**

- TODO: describe solution with the help of code.

## Explanation Other Important Points

- TODO: Describe this part.

## Technologies Used

- TODO: Describe this part.

## Prerequisities

- TODO: Describe this part.

## Commands

- TODO: Describe this part.

## Contribution

Feature requests, issues, pull requests and questions are welcome.

## References

- [1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9ejT8FO-7I): Strategy Pattern – Design Patterns (ep 1) **(Youtube)** **[Primary Video resource for this project]**
- [2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slfeCvztnT4): Strategy Pattern (in real life) Screencast – OO Design Patterns Screencasts (ep 2)
 **(Youtube)**
- [3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13nftsQUUE0): Strategy Pattern Screencast – OO Design Patterns Screencasts (ep 1) **(Youtube)**

## Contact Information

How to reach me? At [github specific gmail account](mailto:syedumerahmedcode@gmail.com?subject=%5BGitHub%5D%20Hello%20from%20Github). Additionally, you can reach me via [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/syed-umer-ahmed-a346a746/) or at [Xing](https://www.xing.com/profile/SyedUmer_Ahmed/cv)
